Hello friends, my name is Jai Sharma and
welcome to our YouTube channel.
Friends, ICC Lombard was
started in India in the year 2001 and today it would be about
22-23 years and if we look at these 22-23 years, the
market
value that the company has created for itself in India is very
good, people
can easily trust it, people blindly
insure their cars in the name of ICC Lombard, so friends,
today we will talk about this company, so
subscribe to our channel so that
you can get notifications of those who make such videos and we will talk about what
features the company gives you,
what benefits the company gives you,
how can you secure your car with these benefits, so let's start
[Music]
Now friends, first of all let's talk about the company,
friends, the company which is ESIC
Lambard, these two companies together work in India, in which the first one
is the bank and apart from that there is a Canadian
company Finance Holdings Limited, so
both these companies together work in India
and both these companies together do
insurance  Health insurance, general
insurance basically means journalism, the
general insurance is done
under ICC Lombard,
moving ahead, let's talk about cashless carriage,
so friends, here
you will get more than 12000 plus cashless carriage
which is all over India, I am talking about passenger
vehicles, two wheelers, four wheelers, then
you will get 12000 plus network of their garages,
which you will
easily find them everywhere in almost every city, if we
talk about it, then you can renew it
as long as your vehicle is
running, 10 years, 15 years, as long as the vehicle's
registration limit is there,
you
can continue it, let's talk about policy cancellation,
cancellation of policy is
not so easy in motor insurance, some
valid reasons have to be given, after that you
can cancel it, if you
give a valid reason then you can cancel it here also,
but advisory, if you
want, the policy was meant to be one time policy
How can we not do it here, let's talk about
zero depth, so friends,
here you get zero type for 7 years,
yes friends, maximum the company gives you 5 years,
but ICC Lombard and there are some
selected companies which
also give you 7 years, one company also gives you 10 years,
but such companies give you 7 years,
if in the fifth year, in 6 years you have a
CP child in your policy, you have
not made any claim, then you have maximum
chances that they will give you a good amount of 7 years as well, let's
talk about claim service, so friends, their
claim service here is very fast,
whenever there is a problem in your car, they
inspect it as quickly as possible, give its
approval quickly and when your car is ready,
then after giving its approval
quickly, they release your car
from there, so their
service is very cute and many times they
even approve your claim through live video
and your work is done very quickly  It starts back up
quickly. Let's
talk about how to repair it. So friends,
if you make a claim here through cashless paper,
then here you
also get another entry of Sixth. You
get the assurance of Sixth that whatever
claim you have taken, whatever paint you have done on your car,
if there is any problem in it, if it
fades in 3 months or 4 months, then
you can go again and give it to the showroom
and you can claim the switch again from the company.
You can
repeat it again there.
Now friends, let's talk about
which insurance you will be able to take for your car here. So
friends, if you are doing insurance with ICC Longboat,
then you will be able to take three types of
insurance here, in which first of all let's
talk about third party insurance.
Friends, this third party insurance
is your circle. If you are driving a car in India, then
you have to do a minimum third party
insurance and you can easily purchase this third party insurance from a good
long there. Let's talk about
ODI matches, so friends,
you should also take on-damage insurance.  You can take third
party insurance if you have a third
party insurance, if you want you can
take premium separately from another company in a round
and whatever
claim comes on your vehicle, then that claim will be given on your vehicle through
on damage, if
you take third party then the third party will take care of the other
person, suppose you
damage someone's property with your vehicle, then you will
get compensation from the third
party from there and if there is
any damage to your own vehicle, then whatever
expenses you will incur in your vehicle will be covered, if we
talk about comprehensive on number insurance
then friends
you can separate these insurances only for 3 years, if
you buy a new vehicle
then you get one year first party insurance
in the original and 3 years third
party insurance, you can take from there
sir in the original which is 3 years third party,
but in maximum cases
people take one year in the original and three years
third party, you have to take two years on damage
from different companies also, if you
can do it from  You can also do it from the company,
but as soon as 3 years are over, then from the
fourth year onwards, you have to take comprehensive
insurance, in which
you get both third party and agreement insurance.
Only after getting both of these,
this insurance is called comprehensive
insurance. Now friends, first of all, let us
talk about when we take third party insurance properly, then what
things can we add in it. First of all,
we talk about
taking third party insurance, you
can take it along with it, this is called personal
accident tax, which is available for Rs 15 lakh
because it is mandatory to take it, you
can take it which is in the name of the owner, if the
owner is driving the car and something happens to the owner,
then the company gives compensation up to
Rs 15 lakh to his family, along
with it you can take pet driver tax, if you have a
driver for your car, then
you can take that too,
your driver tax ranges from Rs 10,000 to Rs 2
lakh and you get a minimum  You
can take 10,000 rupees, maximum up to ₹2 lakh tax there. If there is a
death or any
personal disability, then the
company pays you that much money. Let's
talk about passenger coverage. So
friends, suppose your car has a separator,
so you can take as many passengers as you want in your car. If it is a seven-seater car, then
for seven people, five-seater car,
then you can take separate tax for them as well.
In this also, you can take a claim from ₹10,000 to ₹2 lakh
depending on the day before.
And if there is any problem, an
accident, or any personal
disability, then the company will pay that much
money to him, whatever your tax is,
his family will pay it there. Now
friends, let's talk about comprehensive and
Honda insurance. I have written these two
together because in ODI matches
and comprehensive,
you can take the maximum tax in both.
Except one or two taxes,
you can take coverage in both. Let's talk about zero
type.  So you will be able to take Zero type in this, in this
you as a consumer will be able to add yourself in the policy,
apart from this
you will be able to take tax on engine and gearbox, if you
want separate engine coverage, that is, if it gets water
or gas, then
you can take coverage for that in the coverage,
and you can take coverage for the tyres, if the
tyres get punctured while driving, then you can
take the
coverage for that, you can also add return invoice in this,
if your vehicle gets stolen or is a
total loss, then you
get money for a new vehicle, we
can also add roadside assistance separately in this,
friends,
if you want to
know about the benefits of adding which features, then
you
can go and watch our other videos,
I have given the link in the description,
you can check it from there,
apart from this, friends, whatever you
add, you will be able to take it here, the tax of no
claim bonus protection will
also be available to you easily, what will
happen in this, friends, if you also make a claim on your vehicle
And you have also taken the protection tax for your no. So
even after taking the claim, your tax will
not decrease, it will not become zero, so whatever
you took last time, it was 50%, if
we take the claim then it becomes zero for 50%, so
if we take the claim then
that is not an incident, so you can also add this tax, you
can add personal tax, suppose
your car is parked,
some things have been taken from your car after breaking the service of your car,
some laptop, mobile, then that
thing becomes your tax, apart from that let's talk about
garage cash tax, so friends,
you can also take this tax, what will happen in it is that there is a
minimum closure of 7 days or 10 days, so
if you take this tax, then for that
day if your car is parked in the service center,
if it is parked on claim, then the
company pays you some amount on daily basis, so for that there are
three different tax methods and plans,
so whenever you want to take it, you
can talk to your agent here, let's talk about
EMI production tax, so friends
You can also take this protection tax, suppose
your car is
standing on claim after claim and it is taking a lot of time, be it
10 days, 15 days, 20 days, so the
one I tax that you are paying, then the
insurance company from where
you have taken the loan, will take coverage for the number of months for which
you have taken coverage there,
here you can take coverage from one month to 6 months,
so adding this,
if your car has met with a major accident for 4 months or 3
months or 2 months
and your car is parked
in the service centre, then the EMI stamp that will be on your bill,
that company will
take the loan that you have taken from the banks, on your bill, now friends, I had
told you the difference that you cannot take in these two, so
friends, these
three taxes, these taxes of ₹15 lakh, driver tax and
passenger tax, you cannot take this with on-demand
because it is driven with a third party, so
here in comprehensive because
you get the third party, it is included along with it, so
these three  You can pay tax with this
and you cannot pay it with BJ, so
all the coverages that I have told you,
you can take in agreement and comprehensive,
but these three types of coverage,
you
can add it in comprehensive or only third party, here
friends, apart from this
you can also add some other additions in it, like
suppose your car is petrol and you have added
CNG LPG in it, then
you can add that too in it and whatever
your cost is, you will have to pay 4% for
CNG, the total cost of
installing CNG, your bill is ₹40 thousand,
then you will have to pay the tax of that to the insurance company,
apart from this if you install any
electrical or non-electrical accessories, for example, suppose you
install a car kit in your Toyota car or apart from this you are
changing the alloy wheels,
apart from this you are changing the system in the car, then if
you want to tax them too, then
if it is non-electrical
or electrical, then there are
different options for both and whatever the amount of both  There is a
cost, suppose you get an add on of ₹2 lakh, then
you have to pay 4% of it
separately to the company,
so these two add ons too,
you
can add these two three add ons to your policy here, at the time of
claim, if you have added them then only the
company will give claim in it, if you have not added them
then the company will not give claim on it, the
company will give claim only on those things
which you have got fitted by the company, if
you want to add things fitted from outside
then for that you have to add them and
pack a separate premium, then the company will do it,
now friends let's talk about the charges,
whenever you go to make a claim, then
how much will you have to pay, let's talk
first about the file charge, friends
here the file charge will be ₹1000, if your
vehicle is 1500 cc or below then it will be
₹1000, but if your vehicle is
above 1580 then it will be
₹2000 here, that is you  The minimum file will be charged. Let's
talk about Solve 40. So
friends, in such people, the annual
charges levied on you are 5%. What is
charged annually is that whatever
metal part, fiber part, which is changed in your vehicle,
its amount is 5%.
You have to pay 5% of the total cost of that part for the
entertainment time of plane,
but if you request the company, if you
request the survey, then
sometimes they even waive it, but for
maximum time, if you are in a long time, you are
charged there and it is not that they are
charging you for such a long time. All the companies
charge you, you will not have to pay
for the confusion,
but if you do not take the insurance, then you will have to pay
consumer charging. Let's
talk about road distance, friends,
yours is free up to 50 km, but
if your vehicle goes above this, for example, 100
km is away from your home or the vehicle is
away from the service center, then yours will have to pay Rs 20 to 30. For
those above 50 km, 70 km means  For
20 km, whatever the cost will be, from ₹20 to ₹30 or ₹25,
it will be charged. For the next 20 km, it
is free up to 50 km. For anything above that,
you will have to pay a charge. Let's talk about
tyre and depression. Friends,
if your tyre gets flat while
driving, if you claim it and the
company gives you the claim, then the
company will
pay you according to the percentage of wear and tear of your tyre.
Malik ji, if your tyre is worn out by 30%, then 30% of the
money will be paid to you there.
If it is worn out by 50%, then 50% will be paid to you. The
50% amount will be paid to you. Let's
talk about the claim like this. Friends,
whenever you claim for your replacement,
then you have to pay a minimum of ₹250 there
and if you
take a claim for personal use, then you have to
pay a minimum of ₹500 there.
If you take all these charges,  If you take a claim properly
then you will have to pay all these charges
friends now let's talk about the
premium, if you do insurance from such Salembad then
how much is the premium so
friends first of all let's talk about
third party then the premium of third party is
absolutely fixed which all the companies over India
charge a premium, the premium for
below 1000 cc is different in premium 1000 to 1500
and the
premium for vehicles above 1500 cc is different so
this over India fixed premium is fixed for all the companies
government private all let's talk about
ornament so friends the
premium of domestic or compression depends on many things in it the
premium is not based on any one thing
like what is the fuel type of
your vehicle CNG petrol diesel or
electric, separate statements will
come for all these four how much NC discount will be used in your policy if
CP discount is more then commercial
discount will be more it also depends on the vehicle for example if it is
Toyota
Fortuner then you will
get less commercial discount but if it is Honda City or WagonR
then you  You will get more commercial discount. You
get more commercial discount on petrol car and less on diesel car.
So your premium will be decided according to the zone. The
car you have is
in zone one. If you register your
car in FCAT in Delhi Mumbai, then
your chances of accident are more, so the discount is a
little higher there. Apart from that, there are some
places where the chances of accident are
less, so the discount is
less there. Tax varies according to the model and
variant.
Your tax will vary depending on which manufacturer's or
your model is your car,
which company's is your car, which is your variant. It will vary
according to that. It will vary according to the
manufacturing age. As
your car gets older,
your premium will also
vary accordingly. Now friends, let's talk about customer
support. If
you are facing any other problem in the claim process or policy, then
what can you do in that, friends, you
can call customer care on 1800
and here you can tell your problem,
any induction  You can fix it there too.
If you want, you
can also email the company. Their email ID
is customer support ICC lombard.com.
Apart from this, you can visit the company's website,
there you get many options too.
Apart from this, the chat option
is also available there. Whenever you go to the website now, you will find a
pen on the right side at the bottom. By
chatting, you can solve
your problem, whatever endorsement you want to do, or any other
problem you have, from there you
can solve it. So friends, this was our
today's video about ICC Lombard,
about ICC Lombard insurance. So, do let me
know how you liked this video. If you have any
suggestions, you can give them to us.
Apart from that, if you liked this video, then
like it and subscribe to our channel.
And if you feel that the
video is helpful, then
you can share it with your friends too.
Thank you.